1) Discuss Cloud Network.
 Ans:                                    What is cloud networking?
      Cloud networking is a type of IT infrastructure in which some or all of an organization’s network capabilities and resources are hosted in a public or
      private cloud platform, managed in-house or by a service provider, and available on demand.
      Companies can either use on-premises cloud networking resources to build a private cloud network or use cloud-based networking resources in the public 
      cloud, or a hybrid cloud combination of both. These network resources can include virtual routers, firewalls, and bandwidth and network management 
      software, with other tools and functions available as required.
      Cloud networking or cloud-based networking, gives users access to networking resources through a centralized third-party provider operating inter-connected 
      servers. This involves connecting to a Wide Area Network (WAN) or other internet-based technology, and helps to distribute content quickly and securely.
                                         TYPES :
      1) Cloud-enabled networking : 
                                Using the cloud resources, the management of local network/connection like SAAS network management as well as anti-virus solution.
      2) Cloud-based networking :
                               2) Using the network resources completely from the cloud. The equiments needed for the utilization should be cloud based.
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
 2) Explain the working of WI-Fi and Bluetooth.
  Ans: https://github.com/pillaynilesh/assignment_UGT_2020/blob/main/Bluetooth_and_WIFI.pdf
 
 -------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
 3) Discuss different Types of Computer Viruses.
  Ans:                            What is a computer virus?
       A computer virus, much like a flu virus, is designed to spread from host to host and has the ability to replicate itself. Similarly, in the same way that flu viruses 
       cannot reproduce without a host cell, computer viruses cannot reproduce and spread without programming such as a file or document.
       In more technical terms, a computer virus is a type of malicious code or program written to alter the way a computer operates and is designed to spread from one
       computer to another. A virus operates by inserting or attaching itself to a legitimate program or document that supports macros in order to execute its code.
       In the process, a virus has the potential to cause unexpected or damaging effects, such as harming the system software by corrupting or destroying data.
                                   How does a computer virus attack?
       Once a virus has successfully attached to a program, file, or document, the virus will lie dormant until circumstances cause the computer or device to execute its
       code. In order for a virus to infect your computer, you have to run the infected program, which in turn causes the virus code to be executed. 
       This means that a virus can remain dormant on your computer, without showing major signs or symptoms. However, once the virus infects your computer, the virus can 
       infect other computers on the same network. Stealing passwords or data, logging keystrokes, corrupting files, spamming your email contacts, and even taking over your
       machine are just some of the devastating and irritating things a virus can do.
       While some viruses can be playful in intent and effect, others can have profound and damaging effects. This includes erasing data or causing permanent damage to your
       hard disk. Worse https://us.norton.com/internetsecurity-malware-what-is-a-computer-virus.html e yet, some viruses are designed with financial gains in mind.
                                  What are the different types of computer viruses?
       1. Boot sector virus:
                   This type of virus can take control when you start — or boot — your computer. One way it can spread is by plugging an infected USB drive into
                   your computer.
       2. Web scripting virus:
                   This type of virus exploits the code of web browsers and web pages. If you access such a web page, the virus can infect your computer.
       3. Browser hijacker:
                    This type of virus “hijacks” certain web browser functions, and you may be automatically directed to an unintended website.
       4. Resident virus:
                    This is a general term for any virus that inserts itself in a computer system’s memory. A resident virus can execute anytime when
                    an operating system loads.
       5. Direct action virus:
                    This type of virus comes into action when you execute a file containing a virus. Otherwise, it remains dormant.
       6. Polymorphic virus:
                    A polymorphic virus changes its code each time an infected file is executed. It does this to evade antivirus programs.
       7. File infector virus:
                    This common virus inserts malicious code into executable files — files used to perform certain functions or operations on a system.
       8. Multipartite virus:
                    This kind of virus infects and spreads in multiple ways. It can infect both program files and system sectors.
       9. Macro virus:
                     Macro viruses are written in the same macro language used for software applications. Such viruses spread when you open an infected 
                     document, often through email attachments.
------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
4) Differentiate between Twisted pair, Coaxial cable & fibre optics.
  Ans:                          Types Of Computer Wired
                                    Twisted Pair Cable
            Twisted pair cable is often used for telephone communications and most modern Ethernet networks. It is a kind of wiring in which two conductors 
            of a single circuitare twisted together. A pair of wires forms a circuit that can transmit data. And thepairs are twisted together to provide
            protection against crosstalk, the noise generatedby adjacent pairs.There are two types of twisted pair Ethernet cable: unshielded twisted pair
            (UTP) andshielded twisted pair (STP). The commonly used UTP copper cable is Cat5, Cat5e,Cat6, Cat6a and Cat7. The STP copper cable has a 
            foil-wrapped outside on each pairof wires. The four pairs of wires then are wrapped in an overall metallic braid or foil,usually 150-ohm cable.
            STP cable has a better capacity of resisting noise than UTPcable, even if both of them can be used in 10GBASE-T. Know the difference between UTP 
            and STP cable in 10GBASE-T network: UTP or STP Cables for 10GBASE-TNetwork?
                    Advantages:
                       Cost-effective
                       Pliable and easy to install
                       Performs best over short distance
                    Disadvantages:
                       Lower durability (must be routinely maintained)
                       Susceptible to EMI
                       Higher attenuation
                       
                                       Coaxial Cable
             Coaxial cable, or coax cable, is designed to transmit high-frequency signals. It’s comprised of a round copper conductor and three layers of insulation and 
             shielding which prevents crosstalk from motors, lighting and other sources of EMI. With the shield construction, the coaxial cable can support longer cable 
             lengths between two devices. There are a number of different types of coax, but only two—RG59 and RG6—get the most use in residential applications. 
             The name “RG” dates back to World War II and means “radio guide” which doesn’t have really signify anything today.
                    Advantages:
                       Very durable
                       Performs best over short distance
                    Disadvantages:
                       Signal loss over long distance
                       Signal leak at points of egress
                       Speed fluctuations under heavy usage
                       
                                           Fiber Optic Cable
            Fiber optic cable, also called as optical fiber cable, is a type of Ethernet cable which consists of one or more optic fibers that are used to transmit
            data. Fiber optic cable 
            transmits data as pulses of light go through tiny tubes of glass. The transmission capacity of optical fiber cable is 26,000 times higher than that of
            twisted pair cable. Fiber optic cable can be divided into single mode fiber (SMF) and multimode fiber (MMF). Single mode optical fiber has a small core,
            and only allows one mode of light to propagate at a time. While multimode fiber cable comes with a larger core and is designed to carry multiple light
            rays or modes at the same time. The common single mode fiber cable is OS2 cable, and multimode fiber cable is OM1, OM2, OM3, OM4, and OM5. And the 
            transmission distance of single mode fiber cable is up to several kilometers, while the multimode fiber is up to 550 meters over 10G network. 
                     Advantages:
                        Can be bundled together
                        EMI-resistant 
                        Performs well over long distances
                     Disadvantages:
                         More expensive
                         Harder to install
                         Susceptible to being cut or damaged
---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
5) What is Phishing?
 Ans:                                             What Is Phishing?
       Phishing is a cybercrime in which a target or targets are contacted by email, telephone or text message by someone posing as a legitimate institution to lure 
       individuals into providing sensitive data such as personally identifiable information, banking and credit card details, and passwords. Phishing is one of the
       easiest forms of cyberattack for criminals to carry out, and one of the easiest to fall for. It's also one that can provide everything hackers need to ransack
       their targets' personal and work accounts.
       Usually carried out over email - although the scam has now spread beyond suspicious emails to phone calls (so-called'vishing') social media, messaging services
       (aka 'smishing') and apps - a basic phishing attack attempts to trick the target into doing what the scammer wants.
                                                  Why is phishing called phishing?
      The overall term for these scams -- phishing -- is a modified version of 'fishing' except in this instance the one doing this fishing is the crook, and they're
      trying to catch you and reel you in with their sneaky email lure.
      It's also likely a reference to hacker history: some of the earliest hackers were known as 'phreaks' or 'phreakers' because they reverse engineered phones to 
      make free calls.
      The first phishing lawsuit was filed in 2004 against a Californian teenager who created the imitation of the website “America Online”. With this fake website, 
      he was able to gain sensitive information from users and access the credit card details to withdraw money from their accounts.
      Common Features of Phishing Emails
          1. Too Good To Be True - Lucrative offers and eye-catching or attention-grabbing statements are designed to attract people’s attention immediately. For 
          instance, many claim that you have won an iPhone, a lottery, or some other lavish prize. Just don't click on any suspicious emails. Remember that if it 
          seems to good to be true, it probably is!
          2. Sense of Urgency - A favorite tactic amongst cybercriminals is to ask you to act fast because the super deals are only for a limited time. Some of them
          will even tell you that you have only a few minutes to respond. When you come across these kinds of emails, it's best to just ignore them. Sometimes, they
          will tell you that your account will be suspended unless you update your personal details immediately. Most reliable organizations give ample time before 
          they terminate an account and they never ask patrons to update personal details over the Internet. When in doubt, visit the source directly rather than 
          clicking a link in an email.
          3. Hyperlinks - A link may not be all it appears to be. Hovering over a link shows you the actual URL where you will be directed upon clicking on it. 
          It could be completely different or it could be a popular website with a misspelling, for instance www.bankofarnerica.com - the 'm' is actually an 'r' 
          and an 'n', so look carefully.
          4. Attachments - If you see an attachment in an email you weren't expecting or that doesn't make sense, don't open it! They often contain payloads like
          ransomware or other viruses. The only file type that is always safe to click on is a .txt file.
          5. Unusual Sender - Whether it looks like it's from someone you don't know or someone you do know, if anything seems out of the ordinary, unexpected, out
          of character or just suspicious in general don't click on it!
       Prevent Phishing Attacks:
           Though hackers are constantly coming up with new techniques, there are some things that you can do to protect yourself and your organization:
         1.To protect against spam mails, spam filters can be used. Generally, the filters assess the origin of the message, the software used to send the message, 
           and the appearance of the message to determine if it’s spam. Occasionally, spam filters may even block emails from legitimate sources, so it isn’t always 100%
           accurate.
         2.The browser settings should be changed to prevent fraudulent websites from opening. Browsers keep a list of fake websites and when you try to access the website,
           the address is blocked or an alert message is shown. The settings of the browser should only allow reliable websites to open up.
         3.Many websites require users to enter login information while the user image is displayed. This type of system may be open to security attacks. One way to ensure 
           security is to change passwords on a regular basis, and never use the same password for multiple accounts. It’s also a good idea for websites to use a CAPTCHA 
           system for added security.
         4.Banks and financial organizations use monitoring systems to prevent phishing. Individuals can report phishing to industry groups where legal actions can be taken
           against these fraudulent websites. Organizations should provide security awareness training to employees to recognize the risks.
         5.Changes in browsing habits are required to prevent phishing. If verification is required, always contact the company personally before entering any details online.
         6.If there is a link in an email, hover over the URL first. Secure websites with a valid Secure Socket Layer (SSL) certificate begin with “https”. Eventually all 
           sites will be required to have a valid SSL.
      Generally, emails sent by a cybercriminals are masked so they appear to be sent by a business whose services are used by the recipient. A bank will not ask for personal
      information via email or suspend your account if you do not update your personal details within a certain period of time. Most banks and financial institutions also 
      usually provide an account number or other personal details within the email, which ensures it’s coming from a reliable source.
                                  Phishing Example:
     Subject: Important Update
     From: IRS Service <irs@services.com(link sends e-mail)>
     Date: 1/15/2016 2:58 PM
     To: "<"<irs@services.com(link sends e-mail)>
     As we prepare to start the 2016 Tax filling season, we have undergone slight changes in the filling process to make filling for your refund easier and to prevent 
     unnecessary delays. Part of the changes include updating our database with your information.
     Please ensure to carefully complete this verification to avoid hitches in processing your refund. We have sent you an attachment, open it and follow the steps to verify
     your profile.
     Here is a great KnowBe4 resource that outlines 22 social engineering red flags commonly seen in phishing emails. We recommend printing out this PDF to pass along to 
     family, friends, and coworkers.
     https://cdn2.hubspot.net/hubfs/241394/Knowbe4-
     May2015-PDF/SocialEngineeringRedFlags.pdf?t=
     1490956890483
------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------                   
                   
                   
                   
